--¤-- Souÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then n (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
p (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
ÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
rSourcÿÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
rint'OK'
int'OK'
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿn (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
riÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b then 
p (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
rSourcÿÿÿ (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
int'OK'
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
prÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==1 then 
p (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b3 then if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
rint'OK'
int'OK'
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
riÿíon (i)
  if 87 th¤en  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
p (i)
  if 87 then  else…if b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
rSoucÿÿrÿ (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  ýelseif b==3 then 
print'OK'
rint'OK'
int'OK'
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
pÿÿÿÿÿÿíon (i)
  if 87 then  elseif b==3 then 
print'Ont'OK'
int'OK'
