 i=oi,nlocal function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex2(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 0 < x then return true else return falslse end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  chcheck(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex0(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function  <= x0then return true else return false end
end

local function gtl=1 goto  function lt1= 1 goto = 1 goto x(x)
  if=2
  1 < 