@ do tables = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.s6thones = {}
local function f()
  if  true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- lthook(habYYYYYYYYY17")

lines = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debu .sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end --< -- lthook(hab")6 16 17 18 17 18 17")

lines = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- lthook(
ases = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- lth18 17")

lifes = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <--(IIEIIprassert(s == "12 12 7 13 14 A YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY14 16 16 1/6 16 17 18 17 18 17")

lines = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
d.ebug.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- return end
  local function x() end
end -- {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- l  8 17 18 17")

lines = {}
local function f() 
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.sethones = {}
loca x() end
end --'<-- lth18 17")

lines = {}
locql function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.seth5ones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- lthook(IIEIIprassert(s == ";2 
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.se
deb~g.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <Yhen return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- l  8 17 18 17")

lines = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end --= {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 37
debug.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x(s = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return 0nd
  local function x() end
end -- 

lines = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <-- line 36
debug.sethones = {}
local function f()
  if true then return end
  local functionction f()
  if true then return end
  local function x() end
end -- <--  @