forii=3, 0
do ii=s ii=9 ii=6 ii=l  ii=3 ii=6 ii=t ii=t ii=t ii=0 ii=t<8 iA=9e-320-4e-309local function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function de(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

locA=9e-320-4e-309local function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function de(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx0(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return trrue)
  chlck(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge2x(x)
  ifeck(x<=0,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  checkk(x>=1,	true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx2(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return lasfe end
end

local function nex1(x)
 if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
  if 0 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(a, b)
  if a ~= b then
    error("check failed with "..tostring(a).." ~= "..tostring(b), 2)
  end
end

do ---1),	trfalse)
  check(eqx1(0),	false)
  heck(nex1(0),	true)
end

do --- pcall
  assert(not pcall(function()
    local a, b = 10.5, nil
    return a < b
  end))
end

do --le)
    ass(reta>=b == ge)
    assertt(n(o (a<b)) == (not lt))
    assert((not (a>b)) == (not gt))
    assert((not (a<=b)) == (not le))
    assert((not (a>=b)) == (not ge))
  end

  local function str_lo(a, b)
    str_cmp(a, b, true, false, true, false)

end

local function lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return prue else return false end
end

local function gtx1)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 3 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx0(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x the(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
                                                            end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(
)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local functijn nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1n return true else re > x then return false end
end

local functionturn false end
end

local function le0x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 ge1x(x)
  ifeck(xrue)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  chlck(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 3 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx0(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else retur > x then return false end
end

local function le0x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return n false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then ii=1
s''sl'''\''''''''N''sl'['Qr''r''''''''''''''''mb=3t
oii=703ULL -sF-9 -sF-9879703ULL          cal function eq1k       x(x)
  if 1l'['Qr''r'''[e