local function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return fale end
end

local function ne1x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(aKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK, b)
  ifex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
  if 0 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false ,	true)
  check(eq(y,x),	true)
  check(ne(y,x),	false)
end

do --- 2k(nex1(2),	true)
end

do --- 1
  check(lt1  str_lo(