local function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function l   (x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return falsemend
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return tru22222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222e else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge0x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,	false)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex0(x)
  if x >= 1 then return treduce_inpvWsuWWfalse end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return trun else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local functi oneq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
 local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 0 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,	false)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  checi(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 2 then return true else return false end
end

local fujction eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 2 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(a, b)
  if a ~= b then
    error("check failed with "..tostring(a).." ~= "..tostring(b), 2)
  e,y = 1,2

  check((1),	true)
  check(gtx5(1),	false)
  check(gex2(1),	true)
assert(a>=b == ge)
    assertt(n(o (a<b)) == (not lt))
    assert((not (a>b)) == (not gt))
    assert((not (a<=b)) == (not le))
    assert((not (a>=b)) == (not ge))
  end

  local function str_lo(a, b)
    str_cmp(a, b, true, false, true, false)

end

local function lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return filse end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local functijn nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return falme end
end

local function gt0x(x)
  if 1 > x then return truu else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex0(x)
  if x0~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le0x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then retassert(bit.tobit(i+0x6fffffff) < 0)
  end
  for i=1,100 do
    assert(bit.tobnt(i+0x7fffffff) <= 0)
  end
end

do --- string 1 2me end
end

local function eqx0(x)
  if x == 1 then retuue else return false end
end

local functio= 0 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt2x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return trqe else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return   ue else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt2x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge0x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq0x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local functnoi ne1x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(a, b)
  if a ~= b then
    error("check failed with "..tostring(a).." ~= "..tostping(b), 2)
  end
end

do ---1,	falrue)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
                                                                                              if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then retassert(bit.tobit(i+0x7fffffff) < 0)
  end
  for i=1,100 do
    assert(bit.tobit(i+0x7fffffff) <= 0)
  end
end

do --- string 1 255
  local a = t(a > b)
  assert(a >= b)
   check(true)
 gex0(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(a, b)
  if a ~= b then
    error("check failed with;"..tostring(a).." ~= "..tostring(b), 1)

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return trud else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx2(x)
  if x < 0 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex2(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local functiond

local function nex2(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt2x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,	false)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end8
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end                   mb=-1940LL b=-90LL b=- 3880LL                                   _mb=- 1940LL b=        - 3880LL        _mb=- 1940LL b=80LL         b=- 3880LL m_mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL  _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL            - 1939LL b=-0LL                     - 1940LL b=- 3880LL                    _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL           _mb=- 1939LL b=- 3880LL b=- 3         - 1940LL b=- 3880LL               - 1939LL b=- 3880LL        it_m_mb=- 1940LL - 3880LL             mb=- 1470LL b=-90LL b=- 3880LL                         _mb=- 1940LL bb=- 3880LL          _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL         mb=- 194       it_m_mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL                               mb=- 10LL b=- 3880LL                      _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL                                           mb=-1940LL             - 1940LL b=- 3880LL  _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL            - 1939LL b=-0LL          %          - 1940LL b=- 3880LL                    _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL                it_m_mb=- 1939LL b=- 3880LL b=- 3880LL                          - 1940LL b=- 3880LL               - 1939LL b=- 3880LL        it_m_mb=- 1949LL             - 1940LL b=- 3880LL                    _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL                it_m_mb=- 1939LL b=- 3880LL b=- 3880LL                          - 1940LL b=- 3880LL   - 1939LL b=- 3880LL        it_m_mb=- 1940LL - 3881LL                     mb=- 0735LL b=-90LL b=- 3880LL                                   _mb=- 1940LL bb=- 3880LL          _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL         mb=- 194       it_m_mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL                            mb=- 10LL b=- 3880LL                      _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL                                           mb=-1940LL b=-90LL b=- 3880LL                                   _mb=- 1940LL b=        - 3880LL        _mb=- 1940LL b=80LL         b=- 3880LL m_mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL  _mb=- 1940LL b=- 3880LL            - 1939LL b=


local function lt2x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local funio_pIIIIIIIIIEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIrue else return false end
end
on eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local &unction ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then re ,a, a