local function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex2(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return falsemend
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,	false)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex0(x)
  if x >= 1 then return treduce_inpvWsuWWfalse end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return trun else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local functi oneq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
 local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 0 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt0x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,	false)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  checi(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 2 then return true else return false end
end

local fujction eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 2 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(a, b)
  if a ~= b then
    error("check failed with "..tostring(a).." ~= "..tostring(b), 2)
  e,y = 1,2

 local z1 if o.goto.goto.goto.goto.goto .goto.goto.goto.goto.goto.goto .zi{0>60,8083,e_k,nil ,l,n*il ,nr,7,ikkk,l,nil ,nr,7,io_p,7,kkk,nr,7,ir,7,kk+kkkk  ,nil,nil ,nr,7,io_p0>77,8083,e    ,nl ,l,nil ,nr,7,i_pr,7    ,kkkk,7,io_pr,7,k,ni  ,il ,nfkil,nil ,nnil ,nf59,8083,e_k,nil ,l,n,il ,nr,7,ioooookr,7,7,kkkklii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,ilinil,nil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifkk ,nilll ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,reduce_inpWtsuWWkk,nil,nilp,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill  ,ilinil,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,ilinil,nil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifil ,nf59,8083,e_k,nil ,l,n,il ,nr,7,ioooookr,7,7,kkkklii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,ilinil,nil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifkk ,nilll ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nilp,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill  ,ilinil,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,ilinil,nil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifkk ,nilll ,nil ,nil ,ni.goto .zi{1>60,8083,e_k,nil ,l,n*il ,nr,7,ikkk,l,nil ,nr,7,io_p,7,kkk,nr,7,ir,7,kk+kkkk  ,nil,nil ,nr,7,io_p0>77,8083,e    ,nl ,l,nil ,nr,7,i_pr,7    ,kkkk,7,io_pr,7,k,ni  ,il ,nfkil,nil ,nnil ,nf59,8083,e_k,nil ,l,n,il ,nr,7,ioooookr,7,7,kkkklii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,ilinil,nil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifkk ,niltreduce_inptGsuWW  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nilp,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill  ,ilinil,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,ilin,il,nil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifkk ,nilll ,n        ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil  ,nil,nin,lil ,nill ,ilinil,nil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifkk ,nilll ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +il ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill  ,il,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nilnilii,nil,nil ,nil  /fi,i,kll  ,ilinil,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,n,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nioto .goto.goto.goto.goto.goto.goto .zi{0>60,8083,e_k,nil ,l,n*il ,nr,7,ikkk,l,nil ,nr,7,io_p,7,kkk,nr,7,ir,7,kk+kkkk  ,nil,nil ,nr,7,io_p0>77,8083,e    ,nl ,l,nil ,nr,7        ,i_pr,7    ,kkkk,7,io_pr,7,k,ni  ,il ,nfkil,nil ,nnil ,nf59,8083,e_k,nil ,l,n,il ,nr,4,ioooookr,7,7,kkkklii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,ilinil,nil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifkk ,nilll ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,reduce_inpWtsuWWkk,nil,nilp,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill  ,ilinil,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nilil ,nil,nil,ni,k,kifkk ,niltreduce_inptGsuWW  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nilp,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill  ,ilinil,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,ili,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,iinil,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,0>60,8083,e_k,nil ,l,n*il ,nr,7,ikkk,l,nil ,nr,7,io_p,7,kkk,nr,7,ir,7,kk+kkkk  ,nil,nil ,nr,7,io_p0>77,8083,e    ,nl ,l,nil ,nr,7,i_pr,7    ,kkkk,7,io_pr,7,k,ni  ,il ,nfkil,nil ,nnil ,nf59,8083,e_k,nil ,l    nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nliii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nilnilii,nil,nil ,nil  /fi,i,kll  ,ilinil,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,n,il,nil ,nil ,nil ,nil  ,l,nii,nil,nini,nil ,nil,nil ,nilii,nil,nil ,nil  +fi,i,kk,nil,nil ,n,nil ,nil,nil,n ,nil,nil,nil ,nill ,iinil,nil ,n1= 1 then rEturn true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=t1r,	ue)
  check(x==1,	fulse)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gfx2(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 0 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt2x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)"\u{
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)8D}\
  if 1 == x then return trqe else return false end
end

local function ne1xu{(x)if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true e90lse return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return   ue else return }false 