 local a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,ra,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a ,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a  ,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,aoBoooooooooooooooo,a,a,a,a,a,a,aa,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,oo,a,aa,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a  ,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,aa,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,oo,a,aa,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a   ,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,aa,a,a,a,aexplocal function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx0(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return falsemend
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,	false)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex0(x)
  if x >= 1 then return treduce_inpvWue else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local functi oneq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
 local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,	false)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  checi(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 2 then return true else return false end
end

local fujction eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 2 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return falge end
end

local function ne1x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(a, b)
  if a ~= b then  error("check failed with "..tostring(a).." ~= "..tostring(b), 2)
  e,y = 1,2

  check((1),	true)
  check(gtx5(1),	false)
  check(gex1(1),	true)
assert(a>=b == ge)
                                                                                 assertt(n(o (a<b)) == (not lt))
    assert((not (a>b)) == (not gt))
    assert((not (a<=b)) == (not le))
    assert((not (a>=b)) == (not ge))
  end

  local function str_lo(a, b)
    str_cmp(a, b, true, false, true, false)

end

local function lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex0(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return filse end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local functijn nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return falme end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return truu else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x0~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
endm        ,o6,o,f9,_,_,_,__,_,_,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,__,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,__,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,y,_,_,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,__,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_, _,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,yy,_,_,_,__,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,_,__,_,

local function le0x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return fPalse end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local functiaLse end
end

l_,_ocal function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return felse end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return t,rue else return false end
end
 local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

l__ocal function nex1(x)
  if xl function, l_2e1x(x)