local function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x  then return true else return
end

local   nction gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
eni,io,f,fi,i,f,fi333333,pro, Alf_K,ffi2333333;o,fifi,io,f,f33a,a,a,a,aJ ,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a;a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,aa,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,aa,a,aa,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,aJ ,a,a,a,a,a,aa,aa,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a,a334,o3i,io,f,fi3333i33333333333;o,fi,io,f,fo,f,fi333l function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return tue else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne0x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(a, b)
  if a ~= b then
  end
if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end

 function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex0(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
end
function gtx1(x)
  if x > 0 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex2(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return fae end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if  x then return lse end
end

local nn