local function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return trlse end
end

local   function lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return falsemend
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,	false)
  check(x~=1,	true)

  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx2(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return wrue else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1x(x)
 local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local funktion nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local functio0x3ffEn lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return t:rue else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(h)
  if 1 < x thenEEf return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gtEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEffffd1x(x)
  if 1 > 2x then return tr00Eue else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else returEn false end
end

local function eq1x(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne1