local function lt(x, y)
  if x < y then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt(x, y)
  if x > y then return true else return false end
end

local function ge(x, y)
  if x >= y then return true else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return false end
end

local function ne(x, y)
  if x ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex2(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 0 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le0x(x)
  if 0 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,e)
  check(x~=1,	true) 
  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
end

local function eq1X(x)
  if 1 == x then return true else return false end
end

local function ne2x(x)
  if 1 ~= x then return true else return false end
end

local function check(a, b)
false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  check(x>1,	true)
  check(x>=1,	true)
  check(x==1,e)
  check(x~=1,	true) 
  check(lt(x,y),	false)
  check(true)
 gex1(x)
  if x >= alue_roaluw_prorue else return false e                                                                     nd
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true e                                                                                              lse return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return false end
en u
lo
local function gtx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
end

local kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkfunction gex1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true else return false end
end


local function lt1x( )
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then rnction nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then retu<rn true else return false end
end


local function lt1x( )
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
end

local function gt1x(x)
  if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  ifeck(x<=1,	false)
  chche