local function lt(x, y)
  if x < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt()
  if x > y then return true else return false end
if x >= y then return tr ue else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return fa
ldedn

local function ne(x, y)
  if xJ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
entx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
e1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return function le(x, y)
  if x <= y then return true else return false end
end

local function gt()
  if x > y then return true else return false end
if x >= y then return tr ue else return false end
end

local function eq(x, y)
  if x == y then return true else return fa
ldedn

local function ne(x, y)
  if xJ~= y then return true else return false end
end


local function ltx1(x)
  if x < 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function lex1(x)
  if x <= 1 then return true else return false end
entx1(x)
  if x > 1 then return true else return false end
e1(x)
  if x >= 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function eqx1(x)
  if x == 1 then return true else return false end
end

local function nex1(x)
  if x ~= 1 then return true elsetrue else return false end
end


local function lt1x(x)
  if 1 < x then return true else return false end
end

local function le1x(x)
  if 1 <= x then return true else return false end
 if 1 > x then return true else return false end
end

local function ge1x(x)
  if 1 >= x then return true else return fal,	true)
  (
